The girls...

Gem
The birthday girl her self! Very excited about the wine tour this year after recently acquiring a strong apprectiation if Pino t Noir and will be as partying as hard as anyone if not the hardest! Just don’t get in her way when shes eating cheese burgers or she’ll bite your face off.
Strengths:
Partying
Heating up frozen sausie rolls and party pies
Smashing shot glasses on bars
Weaknesses:
Falling over for no reason
Smashing her iphone screen

Jess
If anyone will be able to keep up with Gemma’s pace this weekend it will be Jess. Ruthless and aggressive on the d floor and an epic party starter. Cooks mean as feeds and knows how to make amazing cocktails.
Strengths:
Cutting shapes
Cooking mass brekkies even when hungover
Dance offs
Weaknesses
Talks super fast when excited

Rhi
Specailizes at getting the party started by playing a pharrell song. Really good at cutting shapes at feastivals. Also good at cooking feeds and tidying up our house and reorganizing cupboards.
Strenghts
Organizing China town dinners
Music festivals
being loud
Weaknesses
spittng
locking herself out of apartments


Bernie

Easily talks the most bs out've anyone and in a league of his own when it comes to being the drunkest person out and about in melbourne.
Has the ablility to go from stone cold sober to running out around naked throwing skate boards at windows in less than 10 minutes. Highly likely to be a good source of entainment throughout the weekend.

Strengths
 Consuming beverages extremely fast
Navigating complicated subways in HongKong while on tindr
demolishing large amounts of food
Weaknesses
Meaningful conversation
budgeting

Luca
Already a legend just from being from raglan. Bit of a ninja on the playstation and will eat anything with white bread.

Strenghs
Fishing for yabbies
GTA
raglan stuff
Weaknesses
white bread
staying up late on school nights

Ben
Ben is back for a second year in a row and ready to get on it! Expect him to be on the table tennis table full time and dominating card drinking games like a boss.

Strenghts
Raquet sports
Slip n slides
tequila shots
shooting zoms

Weaknesses
tequila shots
Believing words that come outv bernies mouth
keeping a straight face



 


